README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: update README with project details and implemented features
Update the README file to include a project description, list of implemented features, and remove outdated content. This provides a clearer overview of the current state of the Learning Management System.

README.md, after:

# Model Training Suite - Learning Management System

I'm trying to build a Learning Management System.

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Implemented Features

So far, the following features have been implemented:

- **Next.js Project Setup:** The basic project structure using Next.js is in place.
- **Prisma Integration:** Prisma is set up for database interactions (PostgreSQL).
- **Login/Authentication Flow:** Users can log in.
- **Role-Based Dashboards:** Basic dashboard structure exists, intended to show different content based on user roles (ADMIN, MANAGEMENT, FINANCE, STUDENT, TEACHER).
- **Admin User Creation:** An API endpoint (`/api/admin/users/create`) allows creating new users with specific roles and generates a temporary password.
- **Password Reset Requirement:** New users are flagged to require a password reset on their first login.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.
